Terms of use





1. Terms
By accessing this folder, you are agreeing to be bound by these folder Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this folder. The materials contained in this folder are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law. 

2. Use License

General use of the icons: 

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (icons) on Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com for personal or commercial use. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
- claim to be the author of the images; 
- sell the images (clipart resale); 
- transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server unless a static link is provide to Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com's homepage.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format. 


Services: 

The materials provided through services by Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its owner are provided "as is". Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com and its owner makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com and its owner does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials provided by Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com and its owner or otherwise relating to such materials. 

In no event shall Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com, its owner or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials provided by Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its owner, even if Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its owner has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. 

Any claim relating to Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its owner shall be governed by the laws of the State of Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its owner without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 

3. Disclaimer
The materials on Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com are provided "as is". Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. 

4. Limitations
In no event shall Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com Internet site, even if Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com or a Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. 

5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. 

6. Links
Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk. 

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use. 

8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com shall be governed by the laws of the State of Graphics-and-desktop-icons.com without regard to its conflict of law provisions. 




